if you're looking around for something you really love to do I think a
best way to fight it is to think what do I do when I go home tonight
what will you want to do if everybody just leave me alone what what
I want to do but I want to be with a friend want to be with the big
group of people well I want to be all alone what I want to read what
I want to watch a movie on TV what I want to go out to the mall and
be with thousands of people around what do I want to do what do I
enjoy doing everyday what can I stand the thought of doing what is
so terrible don't make me do that what one more time I'll kill myself
you know look at who you are and then that will tell you what you
want to do that will tell you what you want to do then find a career
feel that does that and carefully study that group feel the make sure
that crucial does